Update entity_class spec to reflect current state (#929)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.0/reference/entities.md

entity_class |     |
-------------|------ 

> description  | The entity type, validated with go regex [`\A[\w\.\-]+\z`](https://regex101.com/r/zo9mQU/2). Class names have special meaning. An entity that runs an agent will be of `agent` and is reserved. A proxy entity will have class `proxy`, otherwise the field isn’t required or the user can use it to indicate an arbitrary type of entity. E.g. “lambda” “switch” etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | The entity type, validated with go regex [`\A[\w\.\-]+\z`](https://regex101.com/r/zo9mQU/2). Class names have special meaning. An entity that runs an agent is of class `agent` and is reserved. Setting the value of `entity_class` to `proxy` creates a proxy entity. For other types of entities, the `entity_class` attribute isn’t required, and you can use it to indicate an arbitrary type of entity (like `lambda` or `switch`).
```
